name,description,task
Scarlett said what?,She knows a little something about everyone and she's ogt secrets to spill,All player secretly show one card to the left.
What do we have here?,Mustard is an expert in weapons...perhaps he can shed some light on this.,Name one weapon you want revealed.
Atten-SHUN!,Mustard knows the importance of constant vigilance and won't tolerate any lazing about.,Anyone holding the Lounge card must reveal it.
What could this be?,Plum's antique expertise may help this puzzle out.,Anyone holding the Candlestick card must reveal it.
The mayor's endorsement,Green is a man of the people and ready to vouch for any of his beloved citizens.,Name one character you want revealed.
RIIIING!,Why would Peacock take a work call now of all times?,Anyone holding the Study card must reveal it.
A bookworm's breakthrough!,As Plum pulls on an aging tome...he hears a mysterious creaking noise from behind.,Put this card in any other room.It now connects to the other secret passages.
Tell me more...,There's something about Scarlett that makes people want to reveal their deepest secrets.,Choose the guiltiest-looking player to reveal one card from their hand.
Another cook in the kitchen?,White discovers a strange object hidden among her kitchen knives.,Anyone holding the Dagger card must reveal it.
Pilfered plumbing,Peacock touches up her lipstick in the Conservatory windows and finds the sprinklers running awry.,Anyone holding the Lead Pipe card must reveal it.
Suspicious scribblings,What could Scarlett be writing in that strange notebook of hers?,Anyone holding the Miss Scarlett card must reveal it.
Fanciful forgeries,Why is Plum rifling through Black's property papers so frantically?,Anyone holding the Prof. Plum card must reveal it.
A colonel in crisis,For a man with a medal of valor, Mustard seems awfully anxious.,Anyone holding the Col. Mustard card must reveal it.
An accusatory attorney,Witnesses may find Peacock intimidating...but her intensity only makes her look more suspicious.,Anyone holding the Sol. Peacock card must reveal it.
Political pitfalls,Who keeps calling Green and why do his hands shake every time he picks up?,Anyone holding the Mayor Green card must reveal it.
Two telltale tools,Someone has raided Black's safe...leaving behind only their lockpicks: a fork and a knife.,Anyone holding the Chef White card must reveal it.
What strange decor!,An ornate weapon like this looks eerily fitting in Mustard's hands.,Anyone holding the Revolver card must reveal it.
Dinner is served!,White spent far too long on this meal for it to go to waste.,Anyone holding the Dining Room card must reveal it.
On the stand,An interrogation from Peacock is enough to make anyone crack.,All players reveal one card from their hand.
Public servant,Green is always friendly and obliging and he's happy to help wherever he's needed.,Name one room you want revealed.
Behind the curtain,The luxurious drapery blends perfectly with Scarlett's dress and provides a subtle place for eavesdropping.,Anyone holding the Ballroom card must reveal it.
A heavenly aroma,Whatever White has cooking in there...the smell is to die for.,Anyone holding the Kitchen card must reveal it.
A fantastical indulgence,Plum claims he's "researching" but the dragons on his book cover don't seem particularly academic...,Anyone holding the Library card must reveal it.
A rousing speech,Green gathers the guests and attempts some well-intentioned words of inspiration.,Anyone holding the Hall card must reveal it.
A loathesome leak,Scarlett slinks into the Kitchen-and promptly soaks her hem in a puddle.,Anyone holding the Wrench card must reveal it.
Fraying at the edges,Mustard isn't paranoid-he knows even the most unassuming objects can be deadly.,Anyone holding the Rope card must reveal it.
Bragging rights,Peacock always plays to win...no matter the game.,Anyone holding the Billiard Room card must reveal it.
Poisonous plants,Plum knows a thing or two about botany and gives Black's plants a wide berth.,Anyone holding the Conservatory card must reveal it.
Scatter!,A scream echoes from somewhere in the mansion.,All players rush to the room of their choice.